In this video we'll write some test cases
for the Assert for Throws.
Let's go ahead and move over into our class DemoUtils,
and let's take a look at the code that we're going to test.
We'll move down here to this method, throwException,
and we want to verify that this method throws an exception
for values less than zero.
All righty, go ahead and move back over to our test class
and let's create a new test method.
And then in my coding here I'll say assertThrows.
I give the actual Exception.class that I'm checking for.
And then I set up my Lambda expression.
And inside of the curly braces here,
we make that method call.
So we'll call that, demoUtils.throwException.
I pass in a value.
And so if I pass in a value less than zero
or a negative value, then this should throw that exception.
And then I'll do a similar thing here for DoesNotThrow.
So for DoesNotThrow,
all I have to do is give the actual Lambda expression.
And then I give demoUtils.throwException,
I'll pass in negative one.
I'm actually trying to break it on purpose.
I should actually pass in a positive number,
but I'll pass in negative one
because I want to see the test fail
and I'll fix it and then see it run successfully.
So running the test and I see that this fails.
Over here it says should not throw an exception,
unexpected exception thrown.
The values should be greater than or equal to zero.
All right, that's fine.
I knew that was going to happen.
And I'll go ahead and give it a positive number.
So I'll give it the number of five
and then run the test again, and check the results.
And there we go (indistinct).
So Throws and DoesNotThrow.
Great.
All right, so this looks pretty good.